I don't remember when our routine service day became so well routine our zeal wasn't what it used to be and we were finally starting to notice
not everyone wants to listen we just didn't want to be the reason it didn't take much research to find great ideas and set a few simple goals
like working with those who encourage us with delta and army were always talking about how we can reach the heart
we got back to basics be friendly listen let the conversation progress naturally
try to share an appealing scriptural thought and keep trying
our zeal can attract an honest person to the truth we'd made some good changes
but we weren't done I asked Yuri what she planned to talk about
that started the usual scramble and we got it the sample conversation
that'll do but for that to work I had to remember the scripture we were both a little forgetful that morning
yeah we needed to prepare better we'd been relying on our experience and not enough on Jehovah
so first we prepared our hearts then we prepared our minds and found new ways to use our preaching tools
even a little preparation for initial calls and our return visits went a long way
they seemed nice I knew what Yuri was thinking
I wanted to start a conversation but I didn't want to bother them either and when an opportunity came
it froze then I was in a rush to give a witness it felt forced it helped to hear that with all been there
our past experiences were similar whenever we didn't put pressure on ourselves and just looked for something in common to talk about
we could usually find a moment when we could say something about the Bible
she was curious why we were dressed up turns out that she'd never talked to Jehovah's Witnesses before
Ami left a great question for her next visit return visit Mrs. Iwata
I told her I'd visit this morning I just didn't schedule the time I could at least stop by on the way back
Mr. again if I didn't try something different I was just going to keep missing her
first I wanted her to know I hadn't forgotten her dear Mrs. Iwata I hope you're doing well
I promised to come by early next week by the way your flowers are so beautiful
then I made a plan for my service day blowing through is just too important to leave to chance
Mrs. Iwata was doing great we were already on lesson 10
I really hope she come to a meeting soon we talked about Hebrews 10 24 and 25 and watched the video
did I miss something I guess I did I was too focused on our progress with the lessons
instead of her progress and what she needed Mr. Iwata said going to meetings with dishonor the family
he wanted her to quit the study she didn't want to quit but whenever she tried to talk about it
they argued we showed her where to look for help and may time during our studies to talk about it more
we all pray for Jehovah to bless her efforts we did our best to share the good news of peace
and Jehovah did the rest